desktop: advertise experimental "self-diagnose" tool in 3.6.0 (#13326)
docker/docker.github.io: docker-for-mac/troubleshoot.md

$ open /tmp/BE9AFAAF-F68B-41D0-9D12-84760E6B8740/20190905152051.zip
```

### Experimental self-diagnose tool

Docker Desktop 3.6.0 contains an experimental "self-diagnose" tool which helps identify some common
problems. To run it: first locate `com.docker.diagnose`. If you have installed Docker Desktop
in the Applications directory, then it is located at
`/Applications/Docker.app/Contents/MacOS/com.docker.diagnose`.

To run the self-diagnose tool:

```console
$ /Applications/Docker.app/Contents/MacOS/com.docker.diagnose check
```

> The tool will run a suite of checks and display "PASS" or "FAIL" next to each one. If there are failures

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tool runs a suite of checks and displays **PASS** or **FAIL** next to each one. If there are any failures, it highlights the most relevant at the end.
```

it will try to highlight the most relevant at the end.

> Note the tool is still experimental.

Reviewer: Wondering if we should ask users to provide feedback. We could add something on the lines of  

> **Note**
>
> The Self-diagnose tools is still experimental. Let us know your feedback by creating an issue in the [for-mac ](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues) GitHub repository.

Author: Makes sense! I've pushed an update -- let me know what you think. (I'm not sure if it should be `#### Note` or something else in this context)

Reviewer: Aah, sorry, I should have added it as a suggestion.

Author: Thanks, suggestions certainly make things easier :)

$ open /tmp/BE9AFAAF-F68B-41D0-9D12-84760E6B8740/20190905152051.zip
```

### Experimental self-diagnose tool

Docker Desktop 3.6.0 contains an experimental "self-diagnose" tool which helps identify some common
problems. To run it: first locate `com.docker.diagnose`. If you have installed Docker Desktop
in the Applications directory, then it is located at
`/Applications/Docker.app/Contents/MacOS/com.docker.diagnose`.

To run the self-diagnose tool:

```console
$ /Applications/Docker.app/Contents/MacOS/com.docker.diagnose check
```

The tool runs a suite of checks and displays **PASS** or **FAIL** next to each one. If there are any failures, it highlights the most relevant at the end.
it will try to highlight the most relevant at the end.

> #### Note

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**
>
> The Self-diagnose tool is still experimental. Let us know your feedback by creating an issue in the [for-mac](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues) GitHub repository.
```
